It's almost 99 days.
Mork, Mork...
Mork, Mork...Mork...
You don't have to worry about me.
Everything will be alright.
I forgive you for everything.
What makes me most happy is that
the two of us were born together.
Our minds are still connected, right?
You may be going somewhere.
I hope that...
you'll be lucky to meet P'Tiew.
I wish both of you stay together.
Is everything alright?
Yes...
In this world,
Every spirit can live 99 days...
after death.
Why? For what?
The spirit will be living for happiness...
before it's gone...
Some spirits request to be gone early.
Some spirits still are here and waiting for...
What are they waiting for?
They're waiting for the one they love...
the one who's not met for so long.
It's such a romantic!
Anyway,...
the cafe is closed now.
You should go back.
I have something to let you know.
I'm sorry that I came back to you late
Are you in a relationship?
I'm not.
Or...
you don't like me?
Nope...
I'm sorry that I came back to you late.
I could not remember.
until I drank that dew.
How about you?
How are you?
If I say that...
I won't live in this world...
will you love me?
What are you crazy talking about?
It's not funny.
I'm serious.
You're going to say that you died?
Yes...
I don't believe you!
When?
Tomorrow is my 99th day.
I'm so sorry.
I've not known anything about you.
It's okay.
We're here now.
You came back to me...
I have a chance to see you again...
I have been blessed.
Please.... stay with me
Don't leave me...
I want to be with you.
Please stay with me tonight...
Mork...
I have one more thing to tell you...
If it's a sad story, I don't want to hear it.
We've never done something the lovers do.
I think so.
Don't try so hard.
Without this, it doesn't mean that we're not lovers.
We're holding each other tonight is fine.
I do love you.
P'Tiew...
P'...
Where did you go?
I didn't go anywhere.
I went for a drink of the dew.
I thought that I would not see you again.
Why didn't you wake me up?
I saw you slept well.
So I decided not to disturb you.
By the way...
someone tried to nudge me all night.
What are you talking about?
You're so cute!. Can I...?
You're crazy!
Mork...
Are you ready to hear another story?
What's a story?
What's the story? I'm a bit frightened.
Actually, you always wear white clothes.
Impossible!
Where's white? This is white and here is black. It's totally different.
Are you colorblind?
Till now you don't believe that you wear white clothes, right?
No! I'm wearing...
What's the color?
What are you doing?
You can cast the spell, don't you?
I can't.
You always wear white clothes. Think carefully.
Going together makes us know each other more and more.
I think this white color suits yours.
If you go back home right now, you still can't enter your house.
Did I die?
Yes, you died.
I've tried to tell you several times, but...
I'm afraid that you can't accept the truth.
Finally, you have to accept the truth.
I can't believe.
Things like smartphones and rucksacks are not necessary in this world.
We don't need to use them.
Where is my rucksack?
You'll get used to...
Where is my phone?
You're not used to...
Humans and spirits can not feel or touch each other.
Can you feel it?
Hmm.
Now you know that we can feel and touch each other.
I don't know whether to feel good or sad about this.
At last, we met.
Why you just told me? How about last night...
Last night, we were happy together.
You're kidding me, aren't you?
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Thanks so much for waiting for me a long time.
For you, I can wait for no matter.
Mork...
I do love you.
I love you too.
Did you remember about 99 days?
Sure.
The spirit will have a chance to feel the last happiness within 99 days after the last breath.
And then, the spirit needs to move to somewhere I don't know.
It's my time now.
I'm going to move somewhere now.
Please don't go...
But I have to...
Don't cry...
I have a chance to meet you...and to love you....I'm so happy.
I don't know when we will meet again or not.
Now I feel great for us.
Let me go with you now.
Mork...
You still have more than 90 days to feel the last happiness.
Please... I don't want you to wait for me any longer.
Let's go together.
Are you sure?
Hmm...
--- Subtitles by Natt Tongtep ---